Chris Harry here Scott Carter Gators own
calm day 5 of practice the first
practice in full pads the intensity
picked up a little bit yeah I really did
I mean these guys have been waiting for
today just to get back out in the field
get a little bit you know they're
getting a little deeper into practice
where you know coaches are starting to
see some of the physical guys or
physicality come out any guys it's a
chance to look at the younger players
who haven't been in the program see how
they do up against some of the guys who
have been in the program they got a good
look at those things today you know what
was interesting to see is Tyler Murphy
starting to feel a little more
comfortable back in that quarterback
spot takin over while Jeff Driskel
recovers from the appendectomy he looks
like he's kind of getting a little bit
of rhythm back there with that offense
yeah I mean this is really the first
time in his career I mean he's ever had
a chance to be the guy and while it may
only be a week or whatever until Jeff
Driskel comes back I mean just has the
benefit not only him but this team
should you know something happened to
Driscoll during the season at least
Murphy gets these reps so it's a big
thing for this team at the stage of
their development he always look pretty
good most of the time in brip p so we're
going to talk to tomorrow we'll find out
more about what he has to say but you
know you've been keeping a close eye on
it yeah he's so far he seems to be a
passing the test out there let's go to
the defensive side I've been watching a
little bit of secondary it's very deep
it's very experienced even though you
got to replace two safeties that are now
in the National Football League what
have you noticed from some of those guys
out there competing for those jobs well
I mean it's a good competition going out
there today and you know we we talked to
some of the defensive backs earlier
today and those guys all talked about
that themselves I mean jobs are up for
grabs and they know it they're coming
out there with an attitude like hey I've
got to be on top of my game every
practice and you're seeing some of that
we saw Marcus Maye today make a nice pic
early Cody Riggs has gotten a lot of
compliments from coach will muschamp
obviously we know what luchas Purefoy
can do and guys like Marcus Robertson
those guys are kind of the anchors back
there but there's still a lot of
competition I think we're going to see
some position battles all through camp
in the secondary one thing we're going
to see and we got to see today was the
return of Ronald Powell who underwent
two knee surgeries since the 2012 orange
and blue game we caught up with Ronald
Powell after that first practice in full
pads
Ronald in 16 months 486 days lord knows
how many hours was it like to finally
pull some pads on and get out here and
hit somebody man's wonderful man is
wonderful to be out here with my
teammates again man be back in to be
back on the field and pads is like a
dream come true man is this like a
reward for your positive attitude in
your enthusiasm because two knee
surgeries I took dark cave to kind of
start from and you were always you
always up being positive that where you
were headed um I mean I guess you can
say it's a reward I had to stay focused
and keep my mind right going through
these things yes it's the hard hard task
to go through but just had to stay
focused and keep straight on the track
speaking of keeping straight coach
Muschamp had to pull you aside the other
day and say you know we're we're a long
way we don't need the best of all of
Ronald Powell and all guess we know
let's let's take it easy is it do you
have to kind of keep that in mind when
you're going through practice and what
have you yeah I had to do it a day i was
able someone had to do today to make
sure i can be the best for my teammates
and be the best for my coach now at the
end of practice he called you over and
he said Ronald Powell your first
practice break this team down you know
it's it's your team what do you think of
that I mean I don't think he says my
team but it's our team and I think it
was just you know somewhere where I've
been away football a long time and the
first time back in past is a special
moment for me and hopefully it was a
special moment for my teammates tube so
that's honor for me welcome back it's
good to see you thanks a lot appreciated
that's a wrap from day five at Florida
football practice for Scott Carter I'm
Chris Harry will see you guys next time
you